# Project 2 directory structure


---

**23f1001747** on 2024-12-06:

hi @Jivraj @carlton @s.anand
sir it is mentioned in the project statement that we have to make directories goodreads, happiness and media in the current directory. But i found it unclear whether they should be present in github repository, or should they be generated in the runtime or both are required.
image1562×572 62.3 KB
in the project statement, it is mentioned that all these directories must be present at the time of submission, and it must create them as well in runtime. And for the unseen dataset, do we have to do the same? Please clarify on this.
Thanks and Regards
Vishu

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-directory-structure/158215/1)

---

**carlton** on 2024-12-09:

The code in autolysis.py has to be dynamic.
In other words when you give it goodreads.csv, it should create the goodreads folder.
These things should not be hard coded. So therefore when we give it somerandom.csv your autolysis file should create somerandom folder with the required outputs.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-directory-structure/158215/2)

---

**23ds3000248** on 2024-12-09:

@carlton ,

I think we don’t have to create the directory based on the dataset name, the instruction says below,

The Python script must accept a single CSV filename like below.
uv run autolysis.py dataset.csv
This should create, in your current directory, the following files:


Also the code in the evaluate.py already creates directories based on the dataset name, if we also create a directory based on dataset name then it will create redundant nested directories.

    cwd = os.path.join(root, id, "eval", dataset)
    os.makedirs(cwd, exist_ok=True)
    script = os.path.join(root, id, "autolysis.py")
    cmd = ["uv", "run", script, os.path.join(root, "datasets", dataset)]
    log(msg)
    result = run(cmd, check=False, capture_output=True, text=True, cwd=cwd)


[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-directory-structure/158215/3)

---

**anshul_baliga7** on 2024-12-10:

@carlton which method is correct? Accordingly will change my code too.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-directory-structure/158215/4)

---

**23ds3000248** on 2024-12-11:

@carlton , @s.anand can you help here please?

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-directory-structure/158215/5)

---

**carlton** on 2024-12-12:

Please refer to the above response.
That is the official position. That being said, the evaluation script is a little forgiving. It searches all the relative locations for your files. Still you should follow the official guidelines (because the evaluation script is just a guide and was provided due to popular request. It is however constantly being updated and debugged). If you follow the guidelines you will be safe because even if the script is wrong you have a basis for an appeal. However if you do not follow the published guidelines and write your code to the quirks of the script then you will have no basis for an appeal if the script is corrected to adhere to the guidelines.
Think about this. Most students do not look at the script or read these discourse posts. So they will be following the guidelines (which is the minimum we expect). So therefore my advice has always remained consistent. Follow the guidelines. Hope that gives clarity. Any goof ups on our end then resolves in your favour.
Kind regards

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/project-2-directory-structure/158215/6)