# Why include numerical questions in a Data Science Tools course?


---

**22f2001255** on 2024-12-23:

Screenshot 2024-12-23 1413391121×319 51.5 KB
I did not get the point of asking a numerical question in Tools in Data Science Course or did I missed something.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/why-include-numerical-questions-in-a-data-science-tools-course/160079/1)

---

**22f2001256** on 2024-12-23:

The mathematical operations on this particular question was also typical.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/why-include-numerical-questions-in-a-data-science-tools-course/160079/2)

---

**23ds3000248** on 2024-12-24:

This was discussed in last TA session with @carlton and he also agreed that numerical questions dont seem to fit in TDS and he will raise it to ops team if asked in ET.
@carlton what is the right way to flag these questions?

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/why-include-numerical-questions-in-a-data-science-tools-course/160079/3)

---

**23f2004919** on 2024-12-24:

It did add a little bit of pressure, because of solving it for the first time that too in the exam. Totally 2 calculations were required. Appreciate your comments, if these questions could be handled even better.
Qn .337 - 1 calculation was required.
Qn.338 -  Reading Qn.339 helped rule out 2 options right away. still, 1 calculation was required.
Qn.339 - pure logical approach. No calculations required.
Thank you.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/why-include-numerical-questions-in-a-data-science-tools-course/160079/4)

---

**22f2001255** on 2024-12-24:

What you are saying is completely alright. But still question remains the same why to put such a question in TDS course?
But my specific doubt is to Qn. 337

All these things had been done in courses like mlt, mlf.
If it was a completely numerical question and it is guaranteed that there can only be one answer so why to put that question in the form of Multiple Select Question i.e Multiple Answer could be correct.


[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/why-include-numerical-questions-in-a-data-science-tools-course/160079/5)

---

**23f2004919** on 2024-12-25:

Before further why’s? , I am rephrasing my interest once again.
This course is all about the tools in data science. In quiz, we did not have access to any tool except the scientific calculator.
Is there a better approach to handle this?

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/why-include-numerical-questions-in-a-data-science-tools-course/160079/6)

---

**23ds3000248** on 2024-12-25:

And what did this question test particularly? Our ability to use the online calculator as a tool?
The way I see it is, to test us on various tools, the GAs, RoE, Projects are designed wonderfully. This 30 marks should check the theoritical fundamentals. When to use or not to use Haversine, or what does gmap use to calculate distance with such accuracy. Basically rationale behind using or selecting a particular tool\technology\approach. The scenario based questions are a good example of what I think should be a good testing criteria.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/why-include-numerical-questions-in-a-data-science-tools-course/160079/7)

---

**Jivraj** on 2024-12-26:

It’s been noted and we have raised with operations.
Thanks

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/why-include-numerical-questions-in-a-data-science-tools-course/160079/8)