# Mean marks in projects


---

**23f2004625** on 2024-12-28:

Just for info sake…

What was the max and mean marks in Project 1?
What is the max and mean marks in Project 2 ?

Thanks in advance !
Regards,
Surya
@carlton

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/mean-marks-in-projects/160726/1)

---

**carlton** on 2024-12-28:

Histogram of P2 Scores600×371 10.3 KB
For Project 2
Its the pretty much the same as we see in Maths 2 and Stats 2. Therefore its very much like our expectatations and see no strange artifacts.
While some might feel otherwise, we are very confident in the random samples we examined (including those that complained), about how robust and surprisingly fair the evaluator was.
It did a phenomenal job, i would even go so far to say its fairer than the peer review system that was prone to wildly varying quality, non reviews that caused enormous backlogs to scoring due to students being unreliable.
I think we could have done a better job communicating the evaluation process,  but what students fail to appreciate is how cutting edge this all is for you and for us. You should be proud of what you have learnt. You may not realise it but you now belong to an elite group on the bleeding edge of data science.
For Project 1,
Although i do not have the graph, students scored better in Project 1, so the median moves to the right.
Kind regards

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/mean-marks-in-projects/160726/2)

---

**23f2004625** on 2024-12-28:

Thanks for kind reply.
There’s no complain from my end.
Everyone worked very hard for project 2 and spent maximum time even when end term exam was very near and undoubtedly it has been a wonderful experience and a brand new learning.
Thanks to tds team for the same.
Only one thing I personally feel is that all the hard work should have been reciprocated by equally good motivation.
Thanks again to the team for taking all the pain !
Regards,
Surya

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/mean-marks-in-projects/160726/3)

---

**22f3003031** on 2024-12-28:

I’ve no complaints whatsoever. There are always things we could do better. We learn and move on.
My humble appreciation and regards to @s.anand for his sincere efforts, and in establishing an appropriate pace this subject deserves. Both, the content and approach, were immensely helpful to me personally.
Alongside, peers kept me motivated and showed me umpteen new ways when I was lost. Open-format allowed me to learn and fail fast. I’m proud of what this community can do together.
@carlton - thank you for responding to our innumerable messages and in conducting repeated sessions 

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/mean-marks-in-projects/160726/4)