# When will the scores be updated?


---

**21f3002090** on 2024-12-18:

Hi team, when will the score of the projects be updated on the portal? Haven’t received a mail for the same. And how important was the 3/3 tests sent by mail as my code worked and gave me results?

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/when-will-the-scores-be-updated/159503/1)

---

**carlton** on 2024-12-18:

For nearly 700 submissions each dataset taking 120 seconds, for 5 datasets running task in parallel within the organisation limits, it will take a minimum of 4 days, running it on the server 24/7.
The evaluate.py was just a guide to iron out any major issues with your submission. It was never meant to be the actual script that does the final evaluation. We thought it would be kinder to students to give them a chance to see whats wrong before the final submission.
Kind regards

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/when-will-the-scores-be-updated/159503/2)

---

**umaskn** on 2024-12-18:

Hai Sir
Atleast  you could release the project1 . why it is delayed so much.?
I can understand for project2 but project1 all the peer reviews are done. so please release the score for project1
regards
Uma

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/when-will-the-scores-be-updated/159503/3)

---

**22f2001255** on 2024-12-18:

Hello @carlton
My offline college end semester exams are also going on so it would be helpful if we get results of  project1 as early as possible so I can plan how much time to give to TDS end term exam.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/when-will-the-scores-be-updated/159503/4)

---

**21f3002090** on 2024-12-18:

“uv run autolysis.py goodreads.csv works? 0 marks. Reading inline script metadata from /root/.local/share/tds-sep-24-project-2/21f3002090/autolysis.py /root/.cache/uv/archive-v0/UzhwLFeW3Yo3P1lUDOXed/bin/python3: No module named pip Traceback (most recent call last): File “/root/.local/share/tds-sep-24-project-2/21f3002090/autolysis.py”, line 33, in  import(lib) ~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^ ModuleNotFoundError: No module named ‘scikit-learn’ During handling of the above exception, another exception occurred: Traceback (most recent call last): File “/root/.local/share/tds-sep-24-project-2/21f3002090/autolysis.py”, line 36, in  subprocess.check_call([sys.executable, “-m”, “pip”, “install”, lib]) ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ File “/root/.local/share/uv/python/cpython-3.13.1-linux-x86_64-gnu/lib/python3.13/subprocess.py”, line 419, in check_call raise CalledProcessError(retcode, cmd) subprocess.CalledProcessError: Command ‘[’/root/.cache/uv/archive-v0/UzhwLFeW3Yo3P1lUDOXed/bin/python3’, ‘-m’, ‘pip’, ‘install’, ‘scikit-learn’]’ returned non-zero exit status 1.”
I had this error on the mail, even though it worked locally and pulled . Should I change my code to have this as well or will it do as is? Is it mandatory for us to get 3/3 on these tests for us to be graded or do we get a 0?

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/when-will-the-scores-be-updated/159503/5)

---

**carlton** on 2024-12-18:

Your error seems to indicate that you are trying to pip install dependencies. This will fail. It may have run on your local machine because you have already probably preinstalled it globally on your machine.
The goal of project 2 was to understand run anywhere deployability and the tool we use was uv.
The TA sessions covered this aspect very thoroughly.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/when-will-the-scores-be-updated/159503/6)

---

**carlton** on 2024-12-18:

The ball on project 1 has been in operations court since quite some time. We have done everything on our end to deliver what they needed well ahead of time.
They make the final call (the technical team that run portal and the final word on scoring).
Im sorry we are not able to do anything more from our end to expedite the process.
I completely understand your concerns as they are valid.
Kind regards

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/when-will-the-scores-be-updated/159503/7)