# Marks in Tools in Data Science Project 1 Quiz ID: Hyderabad:50


---

**Vihaanv07** on 2024-11-01:

Quiz ID: Hyderabad:50
I had submitted my project yesterday before the deadline. For some reason all my answers were marked as incorrect, even the repository link which is not possible because my repository had all the required files. I received a 0 even though I cross-checked my answers with lists published on the internet. Were the marks given placeholders and real marks would be evaluated later?

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/1)

---

**Jivraj** on 2024-11-02:

Vverma-27/IIT-Scripting
Is this your repository?
If yes, then the mistake that you made was you pushed your code into master branch, whereas it was expected to be in main branch.
image1364×131 12 KB

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/2)

---

**carlton** on 2024-11-04:

Added tds-project-1, term3-2024 and removed diploma-level

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/3)

---

**Vihaanv07** on 2024-11-05:

Thank you for your feedback regarding my project submission. I understand that I mistakenly pushed my code into the master branch instead of the main branch. Given the circumstances, I would like to know if there is a possibility for my project to still be evaluated or if I can resubmit my answers.
Additionally, I noticed that all of my answers were marked incorrect, even though according to the data scraped from the Github API they should be correct. Could you please clarify if these were placeholders and whether the answers will be reviewed and graded in the future?
For example, Q1:" Who are the top 5 users in Hyderabad with the highest number of followers? List their login in order, comma-separated." even according to this link “top-github-users/markdown/followers/india.md at main · gayanvoice/top-github-users · GitHub” my answers match, although this list is outdated and my data for the 5th person is different. So I do not understand why I have received a 0.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/4)

---

**Jivraj** on 2024-11-05:




 Vihaanv07:

Additionally, I noticed that all of my answers were marked incorrect,


Your answers are marked wrong because you didn’t upload code into main branch.



 Vihaanv07:

I would like to know if there is a possibility for my project to still be evaluated or if I can resubmit my answers.


I forwarded your request to Anand sir, reevaluation can’t happen now, if students were sure about their approaches and were seeing their answers marked wrong in project portal, they should have asked for help before deadline.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/5)

---

**Vihaanv07** on 2024-11-06:

I thought it was placeholder answers and the answers would be evaluated after submission. Please allow me to resubmit or please evaluate the answers I have submitted.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/6)

---

**Vihaanv07** on 2024-11-13:

Hi, could you please let me know the update in this situation

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/7)

---

**carlton** on 2024-11-13:

Hi Vihaan
We do evaluate the answers you have submitted. So your score is based on that.
But in order for it to evaluate correctly you MUST have uploaded the csv to the github exactly according to the instructions. If you did not do that you will be scored a 0.
They were the first two instructions right at the top of the Project page.
If you send us your student ID we can check what your submission score is.
Regards

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/8)

---

**Vihaanv07** on 2024-11-13:

I had uploaded the CSV files correctly, I however didn’t see the branch name, I pushed to master branch instead of main. My student id is 23f3003196.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/9)

---

**carlton** on 2024-11-13:

If you did not push to the right branch then you will receive a score of 0.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/10)

---

**Vihaanv07** on 2024-11-13:

Isn’t there any way to evaluate my submissions, I have even corrected the branch now, is there any way to resubmit.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/marks-in-tools-in-data-science-project-1-quiz-id-hyderabad-50/154959/11)