# Clarification Week 5 GRA Q5


---

**22f2000816** on 2024-11-09:

Hello  @carlton
I am not getting the options mentioned in Q5,   Could you confirm whether that is right?
image1113×567 21.7 KB

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/clarification-week-5-gra-q5/155977/1)

---

**22f1000912** on 2024-11-10:

Same here. I am getting a very close answer to the one mentioned in the choices.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/clarification-week-5-gra-q5/155977/2)

---

**24ds3000100** on 2024-11-11:

Hello @carlton, @Jivraj,
Could you please verify in case the 4 options contain the answer to question 5  (in the screenprint above)?
(Similar to what a few  other students have reported) my answer is close to the options shown in the screenprint (in fact it is the closest it can get). On my end, I’ve ensured that:

The embeddings api invocation matches the approach shown in the colab notebook shared in the Week 5  “LLM Topic modeling” lecture.
Checked the case of the word and ensured there are no leading or trailing spaces
The length of the returned embeddings array matches the one specified in the question (e.g. 1536 as in the screenprint)
Saved the embeddings in a csv and (as an additional check) verified the number of values greater than the specified number matches the one calculated in the code.

So, it appears that the answerset (or answersets) may have a “off-by-one” error (in case this is a repeat of a previous term question, if there are any changes made in the internals of the embeddings api on OpenAI’s end and the embeddings returned (in the previous terms and now) just differ by a tiny little bit (pair-by-pair), but then, I am just speculating and very well could be wrong).
Will debug further in case you confirm that the answer does lie in the options list (as specified in the question). I am done with the remaining questions in Week 5 and for this specific question, for now, I just marked the closest answer and submitted the GA.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/clarification-week-5-gra-q5/155977/3)

---

**24ds3000100** on 2024-11-11:

Never mind. I realized you’ve already responded to a similar question.
[Feature request] May be the GA page (for all subjects, of course) can have an announcements section (similar to codeforces). (Wherever applicable) it will be much easier to locate the required information/addendums related to any questions if there is such a section added to the GA page.
Thanks.




Week5 question no 6 Tools in Data Science


    Hi Tarika, 
If you choose the answer closest to the calculation, you will still get the correct answer. 
The method to find the closest answer is to find the absolute difference between the option and your calculation. That choice will be the correct one. 
The reason for the slight difference 10^{-3} or smaller is because the vectors get tweaked by openAI from time to time to improve their models. 
We have validated the whole answer set and found that if students mark the closest answer it will …
  



[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/clarification-week-5-gra-q5/155977/4)