# ROE Date and Time


---

**21f2000099** on 2024-11-17:

Sir,
The date and time of ROE exam conduct did not reflect on the portal. I did not get any kind of mail stating the time of ROE before 16-11-2024.
How can you expect us to write this exam even when we did not get any kind of message stating the date and time of this exam.
Could you please address this issue?
Thankyou.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-date-and-time/156656/1)

---

**jkmadathil** on 2024-11-17:




 21f2000099:

I did not get any kind of mail stating the time of ROE before 16-11-2024.


I believe the date and time of the exam is mentioned in the grading document too. And this is present in the Introduction page of the course. Whenever there are deviations of dates from the grading document, they have been communicated via email. The purpose of putting the dates at multiple places is to ensure that students are well aware of the dates at the start of the term and make themselves available.
Additionally, since you have posted in Discourse, there was a separate post on this 10 days before, which was updated on 16 Nov -



Official Announcement: Important ROE Details [Updated 16th Nov 18.02pm] Tools in Data Science


    Hi all, 
[Update 16th Nov 18:02pm] 
Do I need an AI Proxy Token? 
YES (ignore previous update). Everyone will get an allowance of 660,000 Tokens. It should be more than enough for the exam. 
How will I access the ROE? 
An email will be sent with the exam link. The link will be accessible before the exam, but the questions will load only when the exam starts. 
Will I be able to check my answers? 
Everyones favourite green Check Answers button is back! And it works better than ever. 
How will I kn…
  



[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-date-and-time/156656/2)

---

**22f3001377** on 2024-11-18:

I didn’t get any announcement before 17th November. The Inbox showed “New announcement” and a blank page up until today. I missed an exam because of this. I have no idea what to do now.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-date-and-time/156656/3)

---

**22f3001493** on 2024-11-18:

Same issue for me as well.
This is the first time I have missed an exam in the last two years of my journey with this program. Usually, exam notifications such as hall tickets or prior notices are provided to students in advance. However, for the TDS ROE exam, there seemed to be no such intimation, if I am not mistaken.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-date-and-time/156656/4)

---

**carlton** on 2024-11-18:

I have forwarded you concerns to Operations. Only they can take a call on such matters.
Kind regards

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-date-and-time/156656/5)