# Query regarding project submission


---

**aaromal_rs** on 2024-11-01:

Dear sir/ma’am, yesterday I had encountered an unexpected error with my github while I was making the commit. I had written all the answers to the questions, however in the end, none of them were showing up as correct. Please clarify, whether this is because of the repo url uploaded itself was showing error (Error: users.csv: 404- and it was showing this error even post correction of the repo files). If so, I kindly request you to reopen submission as many students apparently seemed to have faced this unexpected issue.
@pds_staff @carlton

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/query-regarding-project-submission/154724/1)

---

**carlton** on 2024-11-02:

Hi aaromal,
Usually this error can crop up for different reasons.
If you were unable to commit from your system, the workaround was to just directly upload the file on github manually as some students have mentioned in earlier discourse threads.
Secondly, if you did manage to upload it, and you were still getting the error, its because some students use the url with .git at the end. This also leads to errors. (remove the .git in the submission on project page) Also mentioned in earlier discourse threads.
Thirdly, if you did not scrape the data correctly and it does not have the expected number of users then it will also throw the same error.
Kind regards

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/query-regarding-project-submission/154724/2)

---

**aaromal_rs** on 2024-11-03:

Sir, will the rest of the answers show up as incorrect if the github link itself was incorrectly formatted? I’m presently confused as to whether my data scraping itself was wrongly executed or the github link was the reason the rest of my answers were treated as incorrect. Please clarify the same.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/query-regarding-project-submission/154724/3)

---

**22f3000983** on 2024-11-03:




 aaromal_rs:

if the github link itself was incorrectly formatted


Not just the format. The github repo should contain the necessary files (.csv).




 aaromal_rs:

the github link was the reason the rest of my answers were treated as incorrect


Yes. If that is shown as incorrect, then all the other answers will also show incorrect, even if they are correct answers.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/query-regarding-project-submission/154724/4)

---

**22f3000983** on 2024-11-03:

For the Github link to be correct, there are three conditions as far as I have seen so far:

The format should be https://github.com/[login]/[repository]
The names of the necessary files should be correct.
All the necessary files should be in the main branch of the repo.

Correct me if I’m wrong, @carlton sir…

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/query-regarding-project-submission/154724/5)

---

**Jivraj** on 2024-11-03:




 22f3000983:

The names of the necessary files should be correct.


Along with correct name they should have expected number of lines( within 10 percent difference)

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/query-regarding-project-submission/154724/6)

---

**aaromal_rs** on 2024-11-04:

Interesting to see how something that decides 20 percent of a students final grades, is described with such important information ommitted, prior to the project deadline submission. Also, will you make the correct csv files public so we can compare them to our scraped data? @carlton @Jivraj

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/query-regarding-project-submission/154724/7)

---

**carlton** on 2024-11-04:

Added tds-project-1, term3-2024 and removed clarification

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/query-regarding-project-submission/154724/8)