# ROE - Previous term -qset and asnwer set


---

**iamprasna** on 2024-11-08:

Hi Everyone ,
Attaching here the ROE question set and answer set from previous term for practise
Question set:

docs.google.com



TDS- ROE
Sample TDS -ROE    Instructions :   There are two sections in this ROE - Part 1 (Which uses dataset files in the folder starting with Q1) and Part 2 (Which uses dataset files in the folder starting with Q2) Each part contains 5 questions. Part 1...





Answer set:

docs.google.com



ROE - Answer set
This Sheet is private







[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-previous-term-qset-and-asnwer-set/155940/1)

---

**24ds3000100** on 2024-11-08:

Thanks for sharing PYQs.
[Assuming one already has a reasonable grasp on the functionality offered by standard scraping libraries (including being able to code for it in Python) for converting various input formats to, lets say, a Pandas dataframe]
It will be interesting to see if scraping code can be generated using state of the art LLMs e.g. say given an array of input formats (for example, html, xml, pdf, parquet, database, image etc.), is it possible to generate the scraping code using an LLM providing some prompts to parse through the required information from the files and transform into a standard Pandas dataframe (which can then be used for data analysis).
Just wanted to check if anyone has explored this use case and has marginal or satisfactory success with the same (measured with respect to the time it takes between manual code (assuming one thoroughly understand the standard scraping libraries but still has to custom write some code for the unique schema/ask for a particular use case) versus prompting/iterating/testing through the LLM generated code)?
Thanks.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-previous-term-qset-and-asnwer-set/155940/2)

---

**24ds3000100** on 2024-11-15:

Hi @carlton,
With regards to this PYQ set,
Dataset 1 Question 5
Find the organization (as identified by the orgname tag) that has applied for the most patents? If more than one organization have filed same number of patents, write them in alphabetically increasing order with comma separation. (Please do not put space between commas)
If you check the answersheet, “NA” has been mentioned as the answer for Question 5 for majority of the datasets. However, NA (Not Applicable) is not an organization name. I understand that this answersheet may not have the ‘final’ final answers (post discussions/feedback from students who took the previous term exams), however, how does one make a decision on whether to skip (or include) missing tags/data when not explicitly stated in the question so because one can argue either ways that ‘NA’ is (or isn’t) the answer for Question 5 (as an example) - so in this case missing data should have been included in the calculations. So will such clarifications be addressed via:
Case 1:  the discourse thread for the ROE (assuming there will be one thread for the ROE), or
Case 2: One can assume if the answer one has calculated and inputted in the textbox and verifies through the “Check” button - if that says, it is correct (for example, NAs and ‘nan’ are answers in the answerset shared for this PYQ), then that is, in fact, the final answer.
Please review and advise.
Question 5
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
Philip Morris Products S.A.
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
SOCIETE DES PRODUITS NESTLE S.A.
NA

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-previous-term-qset-and-asnwer-set/155940/6)

---

**s.anand** on 2024-11-16:

Yes. We are doing this at Straive by passing the HTML for thousands of obituary sites and having GPT 4o Mini identify the selectors to extract the deceased’s details. That’s one among a few other exercises but this one is in production.
For an individual it would take about 3 hours per site. LLMs reduce this to zero at about 80% accuracy.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-previous-term-qset-and-asnwer-set/155940/7)

---

**24ds3000100** on 2024-11-16:

Thank you Prof. Anand for sharing this use case. LLMs achieving an 80% accuracy in extracting a person’s data from thousands of obituary websites is impressive.
Since an individual’s information on a webpage can be highly nuanced, unstructured and scattered, are there any benchmarks available of GPT-4o having outperformed GPT 4o Mini in this particular use case (in terms of GPT-4o’s  advanced understanding of the nuances of natural language and (presumably) the underlying website structure too - just curious to know if the best model translates in any real, tangible gains in terms of increasing the accuracy - say a 5% (or higher gain).

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/roe-previous-term-qset-and-asnwer-set/155940/8)