# TDS ROE - Inadequate Notification


---

**22f3001493** on 2024-12-25:

Dear TDS Team,
Throughout the course, from the foundation/qualifiers stage, we have been trained to rely on timely email notifications for upcoming events, exams, and other key activities. We receive multiple reminders for assignment submissions, SCTs, exam registrations, hall tickets, live sessions, etc. For exams specifically, we have always received hall tickets with proper prior notification.
However, for the TDS ROE, the only email we received was on the day of the exam itself, asking us to appear for it without any prior intimation. This lack of communication creates significant challenges, especially for working professionals, who often need to plan their schedules well in advance. Such uncoordinated planning is not feasible unless one happens to be unoccupied on that day by sheer luck.
This is the first exam conducted without hall tickets which I was not even aware of this or no information available about this in any form.
In online course, proper communication and timely reminders are absolutely critical to ensure participants can attend the exams effectively.
I see this as an operational failure rather than an issue of students forgetting to set reminders for important dates.
I completely missed this exam due to a lack of awareness about the date and time. May be the case with most of students who missed the exam. Due to this, I have direct impact on my grade.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-roe-inadequate-notification/160422/1)

---

**Jivraj** on 2024-12-26:

We raised this issue with operations, they decided no further action will be taken.
kind regards.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-roe-inadequate-notification/160422/2)