# My Feedback for this Course


---

**23f1001947** on 2024-12-23:

Greetings @s.anand, @Jivraj and @carlton !
I just finished this course with good marks (I think) and wanted to thank you for this wonderful course and also some feedbacks as the course pattern was changed this term.


The course content covers most tools and techniques needed in Data Science in just 9 weeks.


The extremely hard ROE did push me beyond my limits and with the help of friendship , I managed to crack it.


As for the Projects , they were pretty interesting and gave a good learning experience. I have completed all subjects in Diploma and I am experienced in programming so it went well for me.  But students who are doing this subject early in their Diploma will find it pretty difficult especially Project 2 . So, one suggestion would be to add prerequisites for this subject and suggest them to take TDS in their last term.


The End Term was easy but there was no point on adding a question to calculate a lengthy expression manually to calculate distance. It proves nothing except that I am good at mathematics.


Special mentions to @carlton for those great live sessions. That really helped !
That as well. Thank you again.
Amit.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/my-feedback-for-this-course/160097/1)

---

**carlton** on 2024-12-23:

Thanks amit for your kind words and suggestions. We will be sending out a form for everyone to fill for feedback.
Kind regards

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/my-feedback-for-this-course/160097/2)

---

**lifelonglearner** on 2024-12-23:

Agree @23f1001947 completely. Thanks @carlton for being available always!

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/my-feedback-for-this-course/160097/3)

---

**23f1001823** on 2025-04-29:

Can you please help me !
I have done DBMS ,MAD 1 ,MLF and BDM . Should I take it with PDSA and MLT ?
@23f1001947

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/my-feedback-for-this-course/160097/4)

---

**23f1001947** on 2025-04-29:

I highly suggest you to take this subject in your last term. When I did TDS in Sep 2024, it had some Javascript, Linux and many ML/GenAI concepts. So it would be better if you did it after MAD2, SC, MLP. Good Luck !

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/my-feedback-for-this-course/160097/5)