# Finding past data on Airline ticket prices


---

**24ds1000042** on 2024-11-26:

"The price of a (say) Chennai - Paris ( or Chennai - Delhi for that matter) ticket to fly on Dec 2 would vary  based on whether the ticket is purchased on July 2, Oct 20 or Dec1. What would be the best date to book a ticket for a particular date? "
Clearly we need past data on flight ticket prices to begin to solve this .
Possible sources could be :

Airlines
Ticketing sites like Make my trip
Travel agents
Aggregator sites like kayak or Sky scanner (which show prices from different sites)

Wonder if any of these sources would be free to access for students , and even if accessible, whether past data would be available.
Exploring this out of personal curiosity triggered by a trip planning discussion in the family. Would like to hear your thoughts on this .
@s.anand @carlton

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/finding-past-data-on-airline-ticket-prices/157345/1)

---

**s.anand** on 2024-11-27:

An interesting question.
I analyzed this about a decade ago and found that it’s cheapest to buy tickets about 7 days before the flight. That may have changed. I’m curious to see the answer now, too.
There are a few datasets available:

✈️Airline Ticket Price in India (MakeMyTrip) | Kaggle
Indian Airlines Ticket Price | Kaggle
GitHub - OludolapoAnalyst/Indian_Flight_Data: The project analyzes a .csv dataset of flight itineraries of 12 airlines on domestic Indian flights. The average price of tickets is Rs.9,048. The dataset contains basic information about each flight (such as date, time, departure airport, arrival airport, price, departure time, arrival time, route, and total stops).

… but Akhilesh Tilotia used to advise the ministry of civil aviation, is a keen open-data enthusiast, and might have worked on this problem. There’s a good chance he has an official private dataset or knows where to get one. Please feel free to reach out and mention me as a reference.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/finding-past-data-on-airline-ticket-prices/157345/2)

---

**23f1001947** on 2024-11-28:

Somebody already tried to solve this question by web scraping EaseMyTrip. Here is the Kaggle dataset. Both cleaned and uncleaned data has been uploaded and looks like it has booking data of 1 day before departure to around 2 months before departure. You can train a model on this data or do the similar technique to fetch more data.
Let us know your insights after analysis.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/finding-past-data-on-airline-ticket-prices/157345/3)

---

**24ds1000042** on 2024-11-28:

Thank you 
Will work on this and let you know.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/finding-past-data-on-airline-ticket-prices/157345/4)