# Official Announcement - Project 1 - Peer Evaluation


---

**s.anand** on 2024-11-02:

TDS Project 1 has a peer evaluation component worth 20%.
Who evaluates? You will get an email today (2 Nov 2024) if:

Submitted a Git repo in Project 1, and
Didn’t get an error against “Your GitHub repo URL”
You are the first one to submit your repo. (If someone else submitted the same repo later, they don’t get the email. Yes, this happened with 1 repo )

By when to evaluate? By Fri 8 Nov EOD AoE, submit your form.
How to evaluate? The email will have 2 Git repo and 1 Google Form link. Go through both Git repos and answer all questions in the Google Form. (All questions are required.)
Log in with your IITM email ID and record that in the form.
The evaluation is on 2 subjective criteria, i.e. based on your opinion.

How INTERESTING are the findings in the repo’s README?

If there’s no README, assign 0
If you learnt something fascinating, assign 10
If it was in-between, assign the appropriate rating


How CLEAR and PROFESSIONAL is the repo’s code?

If there’s no code, assign 0
If the code was very clear and elegant, assign 10 (it’s OK that it’s subjective)
If it was in-between, assign the appropriate rating



How will scores be calculated? Your peer review score has a 20% weightage in Project 1.

You get +4% if you received an email and submitted the form with your IITM email ID before Fri 8 Nov EOD AoE.
You get between 0-16% based on the average of your peers’ evaluations.

When will the final scores be announced? By Wed 13 Nov EOD AoE. This will include your peer feedback ratings and text.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/1)

---

**s.anand** on 2024-11-02:



[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/2)

---

**22f1001615** on 2024-11-02:

Sir the code was mentioned optional , but I see we are getting marks for it ?

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/3)

---

**s.anand** on 2024-11-02:

Yes @22f1001615 – the Project 1 submission will not reject your repo if it didn’t have code or a README.md. But it was recommended and this is the reason.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/4)

---

**23f1000205** on 2024-11-02:

Sir, I upload my colab link instead of my code. Is it fine or I will be assigned 0 ? @carlton @s.anand

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/5)

---

**21f3001800** on 2024-11-02:

But it was optional.This only works if instructions specify how the optional questions should be handled and what impact they have on the final score.It was not mentioned that it will affect the score.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/6)

---

**22f3001912** on 2024-11-02:

Sir ,
As it mentioned in the project statementt , code was optional , which in general sense refers to sometimes whether u have this or not wont impact the grading , and if added it can be treated to give bonus for efforts but in this case though it mentioned optional we are being graded on it , highly injustice
Definitely students were not hesitatnat to upload the code if explicitly
Asked to do so , why have that optional tag in place if that was required ?
I urge you to either revise the guidelines or atleast give a chance to upload the code file by EOD today
Looking for a solution that can benefitted by both students and course team

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/7)

---

**s.anand** on 2024-11-02:

Fair enough. You’re welcome to push your code and README into your GitHub repo (the same one you submitted), as long as you do it before your peer’s evaluation.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/8)

---

**Ammar_Sajjid** on 2024-11-02:

sir have all the emails been sent out, because i have not received any email for peer evaluation.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/9)

---

**24ds3000100** on 2024-11-02:

@s.anand @carlton I’ve received review email a few minutes ago and realized that the one of the two repositories do not have code (the other one has the scraping code but not the code for the project questions).
Since Prof. Anand mentioned in this thread that code can be uploaded in the interim and given the fact that the code carries 50% weightage - I will defer my reviews in the interim until a reasonable enough period where it will be a fair expectation for the students to read this discourse thread and upload the code to their repositories. Specifically so, because the project description mentioned that the code is optional, however, the evaluation note mentions it carries 50% weightage overall.
Other reviewers may not defer their reviews and could submit the Google forms rightaway today (without students getting a fair chance to read this post and upload their code).
That could be a problem (once scores are declared) since many students may ask that they did upload their code and yet received 0 score on that (since the reviewers had already submitted the Google forms before they had a chance to upload their code). And add to that the fact that a Google form once submitted cannot be reopened and resubmitted.
(1) [Probably an operations question] Is there a reasonable day that reviewers should expect the students to upload their code and then the reviews should commence?
(2) Is there any evaluation guideline how to evaluate the case when the scraping code has been provided but not the code to answer the project questions? Consider the fact that - scraping definitely need code (as far as I can tell), but the project questions may well be answered using say, just a spreadsheet for example.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/10)

---

**22f3001210** on 2024-11-02:




 24ds3000100:

And add to that the fact that a Google form once submitted cannot be reopened and resubmitted.


There is an ‘Edit Response’ option in this google form. I have already submitted and I’ll check if the student uploads the files, then I’ll update it.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/11)

---

**22f3003121** on 2024-11-03:

Hello, @s.anand @carlton @Jivraj
I am yet to get an email for peer review.

I did submit a Git repo for Project 1
Also didn’t get an error against my “GitHub repo URL”
It’s quite possible that some other student might have submitted the same repo before I submitted…

Please advise/guide on next steps. Thanks

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/12)

---

**carlton** on 2024-11-04:

Hi Vijeethkumar,
We do have a submission for you with your login email and your repo. So I do not see any issues.
Kind regards

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/13)

---

**carlton** on 2024-11-04:

Colab file is fine as long as you give others permission to see it.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/14)

---

**23f1000205** on 2024-11-04:

Yeah , I have already given access.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/15)

---

**Jivraj** on 2024-11-04:

Your submission is valid, and you have been assigned to review 2 repositories.
Check your mail box for mails you received from Anand sir,  if not received you can ping me, I can share repos that are assigned to you in your dm along with form that needs to be filled.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/16)

---

**22f3003121** on 2024-11-04:

ok. Thank you Carlton for confirming.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/17)

---

**22f3003121** on 2024-11-04:

ok. Thank you for letting me know.
I searched by Anand sir’s email id and was able to locate the email. I had turned on Discourse notification, so lot of email and was unable to locate. Thanks

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/18)

---

**22f2001255** on 2024-11-14:

Its Nov 14 AND till now we haven’t received results of Project1

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/19)

---

**24f1002469** on 2024-12-12:

Any idea have the scores been released for project1.

[Source](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/official-announcement-project-1-peer-evaluation/155218/20)